After completing the first quota, purchase a new system.
Experimentation moon has very small amount of enemies and scrap, but scrap value is multiplied.
Experimentation moon has a large metal shutter at the main entrance that may close halfway if player pass underneath, forcing player to use the fire exit.
Approaching large water areas is very dangerous.
To suggest something for the modpack, type 'discord' in the terminal.
Found a bug? Type 'discord' in the terminal to report it in discord server.
Enjoying the modpack? Type 'modpack' in the terminal and smash that like button!
Fire exit may be blocked by 3 planks, preventing entry or exit. They can be broken with any weapon, such as a shovel.
Found a bug? Then kill it with the shovel.
Experiencing soft-lock? Press CTRL+ALT+SHIFT+Q to return to the main menu.
Use the arrow keys to switch between player cameras in the terminal.
Enabled boombox makes Hygroderes move faster and not dealing damage.
Stand on railings to avoid Hygroderes.
Players can sprint jump over a Hygrodere if there is enough space.
Hygroderes can be killed with Zap-gun.
Damaging a Hygrodere will slightly increase its speed for a short time.
Terminal home page contains a lot of useful commands.
Tulip snakes, Centipedes, Peepers, and Hoarding bugs can be sold.
After killing a Masked enemy, you can grab the mask off the dead body and sell it.
Pulling out the apparatus will turn off all lights inside and outside.
There is an chance of self destruction sequence not happening after pulling apparatus out.
Once the apparatus is pulled out, all players in the facility will take damage every hour.
Locked doors can be destroyed using shotgun, any melee weapon, turret fire, or landmines.
Security doors can be opened using terminal, Zap-gun, or during a power outage.
Pressing [ M ] to mute yourself.
Use Zap-gun to temporarily disable landmines.
Type 'refund' in the terminal to cancel a dropship order and receive your money back before it lands.
Circuit bees will attack any enemy that gets too close.
Circuit bees have a chance to set Forest Keepers on fire.
Earth Leviathans hunt nearby enemies, but they ignore smaller prey.
When an enemy enters Bunker Spider's web, the spider gets alerted, and the web slows down enemies.
